{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa213\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
About Dataset
\f1\b0 \
This dataset provides synthetic yet realistic data for analyzing and forecasting retail store inventory demand. It contains over 73000 rows of daily data across multiple stores and products, including attributes like sales, inventory levels, pricing, weather, promotions, and holidays.\
The dataset is ideal for practicing machine learning tasks such as demand forecasting, dynamic pricing, and inventory optimization. It allows data scientists to explore time series forecasting techniques, study the impact of external factors like weather and holidays on sales, and build advanced models to optimize supply chain performance.\

\f0\b Challenges for Data Scientists:
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Challenge 1: Time Series Demand Forecasting
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Predict daily product demand across stores using historical sales and inventory data. Can you build an LSTM-based forecasting model that outperforms classical methods like ARIMA?\

\f0\b Challenge 2: Inventory Optimization
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Optimize inventory levels by analyzing sales trends and minimizing stockouts while reducing overstock situations.\

\f0\b Challenge 3: Dynamic Pricing
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Develop a pricing strategy based on demand, competitor pricing, and discounts to maximize revenue.\

\f0\b Key Data Features:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa213\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Date: Date of the record.
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Store ID: Unique identifier for the store.
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Product ID: Unique identifier for the product.
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Category: Product category.
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Region: Geographical region of the store.
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Inventory Level: Units available in stock.
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Units Sold: Units sold on that day.
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Units Ordered: Units ordered for restocking.
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Price: Product price.
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Discount: Discount applied, if any.
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Weather Condition: Weather on the day of the record.
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Promotion:\'a01\'a0if there was a promotion,\'a00\'a0otherwise.
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Competitor Pricing: Price of a similar product from a competitor.
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Seasonality: Season (e.g., Winter, Spring).
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Epidemic:\'a01\'a0if an epidemic occurred,\'a00\'a0otherwise.
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Demand: Daily estimated demand for the product
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa213\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Example Notebook Ideas
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA):
\f1\b0 \'a0Analyze sales trends, visualize data, and identify patterns.\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Time Series Forecasting:
\f1\b0 \'a0Train models like ARIMA, Prophet, or LSTM to predict future demand.\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Pricing Analysis:
\f1\b0 \'a0Study how discounts and competitor pricing affect sales.\
}